Add docs for new banner (#748)
primer/design: content/components/banner.mdx

  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="upsell banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/fca5f277-6baf-491d-96a8-6f23dd18d49a"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Upsell</h4>
    Use upsell banners to inform the users about a feature that can be enabled by upgrading their plan.
  </Box>
</Box>

### Title

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banner without title and banner with title"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/c5cc31d6-dafc-426d-999b-215f68ca7c28"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    Use a title to consisly present the topic of the banner when the message of the banner is complex and too long to scan.
  </Box>
</Box>

### Dismissable

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banners with a dismiss button"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/85c94192-eb1a-4e7c-8fc0-b3c5f31ac251"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
  

>   <h4>Dismiss button</h4>

Author: ```suggestion
  <h4>Dismiss button</h4>

```

  src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/fca5f277-6baf-491d-96a8-6f23dd18d49a"
/>
</Box>

### Title

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <div>

  Use a title to concisely present the topic of the banner when the message of the banner is complex and too long to scan. 

  A title is required and will be used as a semantic page heading. However, you can visually hide the title. It is recommended to hide the title if the body of the banner is short and easily scannable.

  Use the built-in accessibility annotations in the Figma components to define the heading level and text relevant to its context. 

  </div>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banner without title and banner with title"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/c5cc31d6-dafc-426d-999b-215f68ca7c28"
  />
</Box>

### Dismissable

#### Dismiss button

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>

> Banners with an `onDismiss` property automatically show a dismiss button. This should be used for banners that inform about something that the user can not solve. For example issues with the organization they are part of or informational banners. When it makes sense, the choice to dismiss the banner should be stored and the banner should not be shown again.

Author: ```suggestion
Banners with an `onDismiss` property automatically show a dismiss button. This should be used for banners that inform about something that the user can not solve. For example issues with the organization they are part of or informational banners. When it makes sense, the choice to dismiss the banner should be stored and the banner should not be shown again.

Use the following as a guideline:
- If you're on a page in which you can do other tasks, and the banner is not blocking / does not have to be addressed, then you should be able to have a close button.
- If accidental closure of the banner would leave the user confused or missing something critical, it should not have a close button.
```

  A title is required and will be used as a semantic page heading. However, you can visually hide the title. It is recommended to hide the title if the body of the banner is short and easily scannable.

  Use the built-in accessibility annotations in the Figma components to define the heading level and text relevant to its context. 

  </div>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banner without title and banner with title"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/c5cc31d6-dafc-426d-999b-215f68ca7c28"
  />
</Box>

### Dismissable

#### Dismiss button

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>

Banners with an `onDismiss` property automatically show a dismiss button. This should be used for banners that inform about something that the user can not solve. For example issues with the organization they are part of or informational banners. When it makes sense, the choice to dismiss the banner should be stored and the banner should not be shown again.

Use the following as a guideline:

> - If you're on a page in which you can do other tasks, and the banner is not blocking / does not have to be addressed, then you should be able to have a close button.
> - If accidental closure of the banner would leave the user confused or missing something critical, it should not have a close button.

Author: ```suggestion
* If you're on a page in which you can do other tasks, and the banner is not blocking / does not have to be addressed, then you should be able to have a close button.
* If accidental closure of the banner would leave the user confused or missing something critical, it should not have a close button.
```

For system wide information, consider using an [announcement](../ui-patterns/messaging#message-types).

### Best practices
Use banners sparingly and only when necessary. Banners can disrupt the user experience and should only be used when and where relevant.

Keep the message concise and direct. Don't use headings or multiple type sizes in banners, rely on the default paragraph size and use the title when appropriate.

Don't show more than one banner at a time. For more information, see this article on [alert fatigue](https://www.nngroup.com/videos/alert-fatigue-user-interfaces/).

## Anatomy

<img
  width="960"
  alt="Anatomy of a banner, including the message, title, icon, dismiss button, primary, and secondary action"
  src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/40ff27e0-8d69-490a-a619-a4956828e77e"
/>

## Options

### Variant

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="critical banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/9c245a1e-5d59-44bf-8574-aedb06a286b7"
  />
  <div>

#### Critical

> Use critical banners to signal critical errors, system failures, or necessary destructive actions. Examples: form validation error summary, repo deletion confirmations.

Author: This is not talking about the once it is deleted, but rather before you delete.

However, I think this was somewhat recently removed. Is there another good example?

  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="a critical banner with no actions and one with a single action"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/a8684eed-5544-4d6d-a1c6-eda1376e95b5"
  />
  <div>

#### Exception: Critical banner

Critical banners can't be dismissable. They are mostly used for errors which need to be resolved. As a result you can only get rid of a critical banner by resolving the error. If used to warn about   destructive actions, the banner should also not be dismissable.

If the error must be resolved on a different page, use an action that directs the user to the page where the error can be resolved.

  </div>
</Box>

### Actions

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="trailing actions on a banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/7c57bc61-ee0d-4673-86e9-550b945b117a"
  />
  <div>

A maximum of 2 actions can be added to a banner. Whenever possible it is recommended to only add a single action to better direct the users attention.

> For banners with a single action, you can choose between adding a primary or secondary action depending on how much attention you want to draw to the action.

Author: I see what you are saying. However, we have a default button and a invisible button here. The default has a lot more visual prominence.

I am happy to update names (please suggest something that works better), but I think it is important to keep a reference to one being more prominent and if used together this one should be the "suggest" action, hence primary in the current naming.

We don't know the context, sometimes a single button action may be very important, sometimes it may be less so, which is why consumer can choose 
the type.

For banners with two actions, one of them must be primary and the other must be secondary. In this case, use the primary action for the recommended action. For example, the primary action enables a feature and the secondary action links more information.

  </div>
</Box>

### Icon

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banners with icons, some of which are customized"
    src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/9de199af-6488-4ae3-b4a7-14896f5cb719"
  />

> The icon relates to the selected [variant](#variant) and can't be disabled. It can only be changed for banners of variant `info` or `upsell`.

Author: No suggestions, it very much depends on the context.

  - flash
---

import {Box} from '@primer/react'
import ComponentLayout from '~/src/layouts/component-layout'
export default ComponentLayout
import {AccessibilityLink} from '~/src/components/accessibility-link'

<img
  width="960"

>   alt="Image displaying each variant of banenr, from top: critical, warning, success, info, upsell."

Reviewer: This is quite nitpicky, but the specific text you've used in all the images is for a message I think we would see in a global Announcement above the navbar. Is there something more generic you could use to not cause confusion?

Author: Yeah, I thought about this as well. Do you have good examples from GitHub in mind, or should we make up random ones?

Reviewer: I think what you came up with looks perfect! 🎉

Reviewer: Only thing I'm noticing is this image feels really tiny and hard to read. What do you think?

<img width="1005" alt="header image for banner" src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/18661030/492a6b87-9bd1-4a4f-be3d-8b6622e8c430">

Author: Yeah, true, I'll resize it.

  src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/f96b1eda-2413-4fc1-b1a7-3775b0c3b324"
/>

## Usage

Banner can be used in one of two ways:
1. To highlight prominent information on a page.
2. To communicate feedback in response to a user action.

For system wide information, consider using an [announcement](../ui-patterns/messaging#message-types).

## Anatomy

<img
  width="960"
  alt="Anatomy of a banner, including the message, title, icon, dismiss button, primary, and secondary action"
  src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/defa52f8-49bb-4332-aaa1-872a22a563a9"
/>

## Options

### Variant

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="critical banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/8b135c8e-898d-423c-81c4-9dbb4736a4d5"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Critical</h4>

>     Use critical banners to signal critical errors, system failures, or necessary destructive actions. Examples: form validation error summary, repo deletion confirmations.

Reviewer: I would also consider using custom language for each of these variants that align with the severity.

Author: Can you elaborate on this, or add a suggestion? I am not sure I understand what you mean.

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm referring to the images used for each case. So instead of using the same language in each image for each variant, try and be more specific.

Reviewer: Just checked the deploy and I think your updates are awesome! 👍

  </Box>
</Box>

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="warning banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/fc82519b-60e1-45b3-a0de-c5f89108e96e"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Warning</h4>
    Use warning banners to alert users about potential issues or impactful changes. For example possible connectivity concerns or hidden items due to active filters.
  </Box>
</Box>

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="success banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/fe04a355-d343-4a79-9948-efc64d6de76e"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Success</h4>

>     Use success banners to indicate task completion or successful actions. For example to confirm saving of settings or successful issue transfer. Only use success messages if the success is not easily apparent in the UI.
>   </Box>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use success banners to indicate task completion or successful actions. For example, to confirm settings have been saved or a successful issue transfer. Only use success messages if the success is not easily apparent in the UI.
  </Box>
```

  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="info banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/172e3eb4-35ea-4d75-a015-6d00d3ebd914"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Info</h4>
    Use info banners to inform about non-critical context and information. For example feature prompts or ongoing processes.
  </Box>
</Box>

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="upsell banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/48b37115-c0e0-40c3-83f1-3e831178f175"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Upsell</h4>
    Use upsell banners to inform the users about a feature that can be enabled by upgrading their plan.
  </Box>
</Box>

### Title

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banner without title and banner with title"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/c5876803-7b5b-486d-b2ec-27fcfdf0c5d8"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Title</h4>

>     Use a title to consisly present the topic of the banner when the message of the banner is complex and too long to scan.

Reviewer: Can you add something about title being required but may be visually hidden?

Author: @joshblack is this how we implement it, or is there a separate a11y title which will just use the title the user defines if they do?

Author: I am not sure if this is the right place for a discussion, but I am a bit afraid that if the title is not hidden by default, we will get a lot of duplicates with title and body being the same text.

My only thought to improve this would be to have two props like `aria-title` and `title` where `aria-title` is set to `title` if present. So, using typescript we could require on of the two to be set.

But I am no react dev and this may be an uncommon or anti-pattern.

  </Box>
</Box>

### Dismissable

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banners with a dismiss button"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/e9863c48-cf3a-472b-a066-0ba139a633ca"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Dismiss button</h4>

>     Banners with an <i>onDismiss</i> property automatically show a dismiss button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Banners with an `onDismiss` property automatically show a dismiss button.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should explain why you would or wouldn't show the dismiss button?

Author: I used italics because for me the backticks don't result in code blocks within the `<Box>` component. Am I missing something?

> Maybe we should explain why you would or wouldn't show the dismiss button?
Yes, great point. Do you already have something in mind here?

Reviewer: If you look through the decision making you logged around close buttons (like maybe in the epic updates?) I think you might find something from accessibility conversations? I don't have the answer here off the top of my head. If its an option to not show it, we should have a reason why we offer that and then explain is 😄

Author: Hey, I didn't find the section you mention. It is also not really an a11y concern I think.

I added some more context to the section though.

  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="trailing actions on a banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/b4d2e88e-2f0e-4b29-8f21-13ac8399c943"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Actions</h4>
    <p>A maximum of 2 actions can be added to a banner. Whenever possible it is recommended to only add a single action to better direct the users attention.</p>
    <p>You can choose between adding a primary or secondary action, depending on how much attention you want to draw to the action.</p>
    <p>If you do need two actions in your banner, one of them must be primary and the other must be secondary. In this case, use the primary action for the recommended action for example, to enable a feature and the secondary one to get more information.</p>
  </Box>
</Box>

### Icon

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banners with icons, some of which are customized"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/dd6d9159-8de7-4f71-b69b-ede15284aeb4"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Icon</h4>

>     The icon relates to the selected <a href="#variant">variant</a> and can't be disabled. It can only be changed for banners of variant <i>info</i> or <i>upsell</i>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The icon relates to the selected <a href="#variant">variant</a> and can't be disabled. It can only be changed for banners of variant `info` or `upsell`.
```

Author: Same as above, how do I get this to work inside of box?

Reviewer: Aw, I thought it would work in `Box`. I guess italics is fine 🤷

Author: @mperrotti  helped me. Apparently you need blank lines inside the box and the content can't be indented to be recognized as markdown.

  </Box>
</Box>

## Breakpoints
<img
  width="960"
  alt="Anatomy of a banner, including the message, title, icon, dismiss button, primary, and secondary action"
  src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/b1db8982-43ce-4a95-b25a-407020b53440"
/>

> On large screens the layout of the elements within the banner adjust depending on which elements are enabled. On small screensthe banner always uses the stacked layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On large screens the layout of the elements within the banner adjust depending on which elements are enabled. On small screens the banner always uses the stacked layout.
```

## Layouts
<img
  width="960"
  alt="Layouts depending on which elements are enabled"
  src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/fe702f23-de88-47a9-b703-b8b262698a50"
/>
Text missing

## Best practices
Use banners sparingly and only when necessary. Banners can disrupt the user experience and should only be used when and where relevant.

> Keep the message concise and direct. Don't use headings or multiple type sizes in banners, rely on the default paragraph size and use the title when appropiate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep the message concise and direct. Don't use headings or multiple type sizes in banners, rely on the default paragraph size and use the title when appropriate.
```

Reviewer 2: One question, when it says "Don't use headings" is that in addition to the default heading present in the banner?

Author: Yes, maybe a do-don't block would be good here. It means to not add e.g. an `h4` inside of the body of the banner.

  - flash
---

import {Box} from '@primer/react'
import ComponentLayout from '~/src/layouts/component-layout'
export default ComponentLayout
import {AccessibilityLink} from '~/src/components/accessibility-link'

<img
  width="960"
  alt="Image displaying each variant of banenr, from top: critical, warning, success, info, upsell."
  src="https://github.com/primer/primitives/assets/813754/f96b1eda-2413-4fc1-b1a7-3775b0c3b324"
/>

## Usage

Banner can be used in one of two ways:
1. To highlight prominent information on a page.
2. To communicate feedback in response to a user action.

For system wide information, consider using an [announcement](../ui-patterns/messaging#message-types).

## Anatomy

<img
  width="960"
  alt="Anatomy of a banner, including the message, title, icon, dismiss button, primary, and secondary action"

>   src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/defa52f8-49bb-4332-aaa1-872a22a563a9"

Reviewer 3: I'd recommend changing this diagram to only contain a single banner with all parts labeled.

The purple banner in this image has all the parts we'd need.

Reviewer: Agree with Mike 👍

/>

## Options

> ### Variant

Reviewer 3: Do you think it would be worth explaining which is the "default" variant?

Author: I am not sure there should be a default. I think it makes sense to require the user to always set the variant property, so they actively decide for a variant.

Reviewer 3: Ah ok, so `variant` is a required prop.

  </Box>
</Box>

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="info banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/172e3eb4-35ea-4d75-a015-6d00d3ebd914"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Info</h4>
    Use info banners to inform about non-critical context and information. For example feature prompts or ongoing processes.
  </Box>
</Box>

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="upsell banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/48b37115-c0e0-40c3-83f1-3e831178f175"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Upsell</h4>
    Use upsell banners to inform the users about a feature that can be enabled by upgrading their plan.
  </Box>
</Box>

### Title

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banner without title and banner with title"

>     src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/c5876803-7b5b-486d-b2ec-27fcfdf0c5d8"

Reviewer 3: I think this example image would work better if we either:
- Only showed the banner with a title
- Labeled each banner as "With a title" and "Without a title"

  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="a critical banner with no actions and one with a single action"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/2463e14c-5cb9-4bb4-9e3a-474c60c32da4"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Critical banner</h4>
    <p>
    Critical banner can't be made dismissable. Since they should only be used for errors that need to be resolved, the only way to get rid of a critical banner is to resolve the error. If they are used to warn the user about destructive actions the banner should also not be dismissable.</p>
    <p>
    If the error must be resolved on a different page, it is recommended to add an action that directs the user to the page where the error can be resolved.
    </p>
  </Box>
</Box>

### Actions

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="trailing actions on a banner"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/b4d2e88e-2f0e-4b29-8f21-13ac8399c943"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Actions</h4>

>     A maximum of 2 actions can be added to a banner. Whenever possible it is recommended to only add a single action to better direct the users attention.

Reviewer 3: The text after the first paragraph is being rendered as a code block. This can be resolved by following my MDX formatting suggestion in the inline message guidelines PR: https://github.com/primer/design/pull/746#discussion_r1536118986

<img width="842" alt="Screenshot 2024-03-22 at 4 05 20 PM" src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/2313998/bdc54012-be59-4fe0-9c61-0311e66759ad">

>     You can choose between adding a primary or secondary action, depending on how much attention you want to draw to the action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For banners with a single action, you can choose between adding a primary or secondary action depending on how much attention you want to draw to the action.
```

>     If you do need two actions in your banner, one of them must be primary and the other must be secondary. In this case, use the primary action for the recommended action for example, to enable a feature and the secondary one to get more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    For banners with two actions, one of them must be primary and the other must be secondary. In this case, use the primary action for the recommended action. For example, the primary action enables a feature and the secondary action links more information.
```

  </Box>
</Box>

### Icon

<Box
  mb={3}
  display="flex"
  alignItems="flex-start"
  flexDirection={['column', 'column', 'column', 'column', 'row']}
  sx={{gap: 4}}
>
  <img
    width="456"
    alt="banners with icons, some of which are customized"
    src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/dd6d9159-8de7-4f71-b69b-ede15284aeb4"
  />
  <Box as="p" mt="0">
    <h4>Icon</h4>
    The icon relates to the selected <a href="#variant">variant</a> and can't be disabled. It can only be changed for banners of variant <i>info</i> or <i>upsell</i>.
  </Box>
</Box>

> ## Breakpoints

Reviewer 3: I'd recommend nesting this section under "Layouts" and renaming this header to "Responsive design".

This is just my personal preference and should not be considered blocking feedback.

<img
  width="960"
  alt="Anatomy of a banner, including the message, title, icon, dismiss button, primary, and secondary action"
  src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/b1db8982-43ce-4a95-b25a-407020b53440"
/>

On large screens the layout of the elements within the banner adjust depending on which elements are enabled. On small screensthe banner always uses the stacked layout.

> ## Layouts

Reviewer 3: I think we need more information in this section. It might be helpful to answer the following questions:
- How do I compose a banner into the rest of the page layout?
- When is it ok to wrap the buttons to their own line instead of keeping them on the same line as the title or message?

Reviewer: Maybe this section should be about `Position` to show where Banners might be rendered: inside a Dialog, under the global nav, top of a section etc etc

Author: > When is it ok to wrap the buttons to their own line instead of keeping them on the same line as the title or message?

This happens automatically, but still interesting to explain.

> Maybe this section should be about Position to show where Banners might be rendered: inside a Dialog, under the global nav, top of a section etc etc

Yes, this sounds pretty helpful. 👍

<img
  width="960"
  alt="Layouts depending on which elements are enabled"
  src="https://github.com/primer/design/assets/813754/fe702f23-de88-47a9-b703-b8b262698a50"
/>

> Text missing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ## Best practices

Reviewer 3: This is really important information. I think we should move this to the top of the page by nesting it under the "Usage" heading.

Use banners sparingly and only when necessary. Banners can disrupt the user experience and should only be used when and where relevant.

Keep the message concise and direct. Don't use headings or multiple type sizes in banners, rely on the default paragraph size and use the title when appropiate.

Don't show more than one banner at a time. For more information, see this article on [alert fatigue](https://www.nngroup.com/videos/alert-fatigue-user-interfaces/).

> ## Accessibility

Reviewer 3: Can you confirm that none of the proposed Banner updates affect our existing a11y guidance?

Author: No, I'd love to get this info form @ichelsea

Reviewer 4: Adding this to my list of things to look at this week!

Reviewer 4: Okay, this entire a11y section was written up form the work that @lindseywild and @khiga8 did, so it's valid! There are a couple of things that we want to adjust based on feedback from engineering office hours earlier this week that has also been on my to-do list to get to. 

We can create a separate PR for that if you want to get this one merged, or I can add to it before this one is merged.

Author: Please add it to this PR. We will keep it open until the react components are implemented and shipped, so it will be open for a bit.
